c:\users\systemsproseries\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HOPING\HOPING\bin\Debug\HOPING.exe.config
c:\users\systemsproseries\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HOPING\HOPING\obj\Debug\HOPING.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\systemsproseries\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HOPING\HOPING\obj\Debug\HOPING.bills.resources
c:\users\systemsproseries\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HOPING\HOPING\obj\Debug\HOPING.Form1.resources
c:\users\systemsproseries\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HOPING\HOPING\obj\Debug\HOPING.login.resources
c:\users\systemsproseries\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HOPING\HOPING\obj\Debug\HOPING.Resources.resources
c:\users\systemsproseries\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HOPING\HOPING\obj\Debug\HOPING.book.resources
c:\users\systemsproseries\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HOPING\HOPING\obj\Debug\HOPING.user.resources
c:\users\systemsproseries\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HOPING\HOPING\obj\Debug\HOPING.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\systemsproseries\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HOPING\HOPING\obj\Debug\HOPING.xml
c:\users\systemsproseries\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HOPING\HOPING\bin\Debug\HOPING.exe
c:\users\systemsproseries\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HOPING\HOPING\bin\Debug\HOPING.pdb
c:\users\systemsproseries\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HOPING\HOPING\bin\Debug\HOPING.xml
c:\users\systemsproseries\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HOPING\HOPING\bin\Debug\Guna.UI.dll
c:\users\systemsproseries\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HOPING\HOPING\obj\Debug\HOPING.exe
c:\users\systemsproseries\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HOPING\HOPING\obj\Debug\HOPING.pdb
C:\Users\SystemsPROseries\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HOPING\HOPING\obj\Debug\HOPING.Dashboard.resources
C:\Users\SystemsPROseries\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HOPING\HOPING\obj\Debug\HOPING.AdminLogin.resources
\\DESKTOP-O4T3IPS\Users\SystemsPROseries\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HOPING\HOPING\bin\Debug\HOPING.exe.config
\\DESKTOP-O4T3IPS\Users\SystemsPROseries\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HOPING\HOPING\obj\Debug\HOPING.exe
\\DESKTOP-O4T3IPS\Users\SystemsPROseries\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HOPING\HOPING\obj\Debug\HOPING.xml
\\DESKTOP-O4T3IPS\Users\SystemsPROseries\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HOPING\HOPING\obj\Debug\HOPING.pdb
